Vladimir Fedorov: Can't believe it.
Davron Usmonov: Hey, that's.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Hey, Tim?
Manar Kurmanov: Comfort.
Manar Kurmanov: issuers.
Vladimir Fedorov: Yep.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Somebody will.
Kateryna Shevchenko: 8th.
Oleksandr Ishchenko: Damn.
Alexey Afanasiev: What's a great deal of speech?
Manar Kurmanov: The maneuvered.
Serhii Kasainov: You're young.
Alexey Afanasiev: entrepreneur.
Serhii Kasainov: We're almost his eager.
Alexey Afanasiev: Oh, no, yes.
Alexey Afanasiev: Store.
Alexey Afanasiev: Who is Julia Dopasignoria?
Semeyon S: Ni Prado.
Igor Golovtsov: rather known as.
Semeyon S: Spence.
Serhii Kasainov: Virginia?
Eugene: Privstarte.
Alexey Afanasiev: That was a little bites here.
Igor Golovtsov: It's still private.
Alexey Afanasiev: Shady Tikram.
Alexey Afanasiev: Sure. I'll show you.
Alexey Afanasiev: We endoritis.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: zweh.
Alexey Afanasiev: I'll do it.
Alexey Afanasiev: Yes, yes.
Vova: Stomraitsen.
Vova: I wish that.
Alexey Afanasiev: Is it really true?
Vova: There might be inoculation.
Alexey Afanasiev: Off.
Vova: No, across the… Nos million dirty.
Vova: EXT.
Vova: Some Christoph Picasso will use it.
Vova: That's true.
Alexey Afanasiev: of a…
Vova: uprasheet.
Kateryna Shevchenko: na vani.
Vova: That's not…
Kateryna Shevchenko: my name.
Vova: And that's…
Kateryna Shevchenko: huh?
Kateryna Shevchenko: Numerous.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Parallel nib.
Vova: It's amazing.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Google, eta Microsoft, yeah.
Kateryna Shevchenko: The airport.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: No.
Vova: Thanos.
Vova: Rashonda, Harosh Hadim.
Vova: Dada da.
Vova: sieu.
Vova: That's it. Yeah, per diem de vom… No voy… plan rout.
Vova: Across Automonovian portion.
Vova: a custom word frame kartucha.
Vova: turnover feature.
Vova: cheque.
Vova: na polinia.
Vova: tuvikrigione.
Vova: aqui.
Vova: plan your route.
Vova: Machines Trois.
Vova: historie.
Vova: destination, so we've operated here with the start location.
Vova: The Baldini destination, Ochimpakozo and Tostobula.
Vova: Pushtobula.
Vova: Starta.
Vova: E… predictoroid.
Vova: Liba.
Vova: destination Pakrugu.
Vova: Liba… back to list.
Vova: Knopkie, what destination.
Vova: You see it as a country of short destination. Tividish Spiesak.
Vova: Route, route name Iishineto.
Vova: I'm aware of traditional setting.
Alexey Afanasiev: Pierre and gentlemen, too, with a short name.
Vova: Cook it down the chinote.
Vova: podarrogo.
Vova: e sequencaturia.
Vova: blueprint sequence sum.
Vova: with sharptini.ca.
Vova: E o tenarios limite.
Vova: destination of pure old, maximal duration.
Vova: P.
Vova: vergium.
Vova: And it will just come with a period of edge.
Vova: Let me just brush confirm. Babradesh, Night at the Crown.
Vova: Timojos.
Vova: destination.
Vova: cranial masrout.
Vova: Pisochnitsa.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Knopkam.
Kateryna Shevchenko: settinge.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Mmm, tangible no limits.
Kateryna Shevchenko: nicht.
Kateryna Shevchenko: klisca.
Vova: That's a lesson to discuss issue shock.
Artur Moskalenko: Kristen parametrov.
Artur Moskalenko: Dum… It's not default service time, when you would see…
Vova: implementirone.
Vova: i.
Kateryna Shevchenko: start.
Vova: niche.
Kateryna Shevchenko: next destination.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Prem pass Madrid, 3 Slova.
Vova: No.
Igor Golovtsov: He's motion.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Set up a device.
Igor Golovtsov: krani.
Vova: We do.
Igor Golovtsov: Plain new route, plane route. Tamble on my route, start route.
Igor Golovtsov: Why is much to remove?
Igor Golovtsov: Action, I didn't need instantly.
Igor Golovtsov: Duh.
Vova: This Muslims had continued, but I was too fortunate to continue.
Igor Golovtsov: Can you all?
Vova: Whatever.
Igor Golovtsov: Safe route, new route, safe route.
Vova: So now the user be sure to watch it.
Igor Golovtsov: This is the strategic optimizaz.
Vova: Pretty much the slower industry.
Kateryna Shevchenko: No, perfectly safe.
Igor Golovtsov: Good job.
Kateryna Shevchenko: His book wouldn't start, if so.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Oh.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Pram Tutch na…
Vova: Ouch, too.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Can you book a few…
Artur Moskalenko: Da tutu…
Vova: Omar Shuta.
Artur Moskalenko: Doc.
Kateryna Shevchenko: aka.
Kateryna Shevchenko: A little…
Vova: Postois Pisak.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Oh.
Vova: jet.
Vova: Nasaraboted, nor, when I need it Centurion in my interest.
Kateryna Shevchenko: para frecket.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Donut na?
Artur Moskalenko: my routes.
Vova: codes.
Vova: My routes at a moi to-do list? All routes at NIMOI to-do list, at a studio at my campagne, et al dichran.
Vova: That's good,
Vova: Status pos matriticus.
Artur Moskalenko: Popovo doi destinations.
Artur Moskalenko: Annotate, annotate… addresses.
Vova: Can you root.
Vova: Current location, vistis microfona.
Artur Moskalenko: Hmm… skankann.
Vova: C'est cartoon chemi.
Vova: tip as possible with Andresau.
Kateryna Shevchenko: This is budget map is an import.
Vova: both, she was on the mop.
Artur Moskalenko: Oh, what?
Artur Moskalenko: of Zoom chat.
Artur Moskalenko: Correa posita.
Artur Moskalenko: on pod… Adiere le minho.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Missed.
Vova: saga.
Vova: search bar.
Vova: What a shame.
Vova: ketatov.
Anton Zadyraka: Voices up a scanner, I didn't click.
Vova: Last summer.
Vova: Since I'm Jenimos Max.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Thank you.
Vova: What's this mushna voiced about?
Artur Moskalenko: kaput.
Vova: at Suda.
Vova: Alright, Harushy game.
Vova: I mean, right? So…
Kateryna Shevchenko: kotase.
Kateryna Shevchenko: If so.
Anton Zadyraka: Okay, sure.
Vova: start location,
Artur Moskalenko: Deportef.
Vova: We…
Artur Moskalenko: Yeah, it's just, screenshot…
Vova: And
Vova: paliers.
Anton Zadyraka: Kontaktov?
Anton Zadyraka: This device, may I show up.
Vova: Puy importiana College.
Anton Zadyraka: e pravalencia.
Vova: Google Drive.
Vova: town budgets.
Anton Zadyraka: import, no, another… dash permission contact la application.
Anton Zadyraka: Address book.
Vova: Even the cock chest, they lose the user per contact, I'm sorry.
Vova: Connected Contacts.
Vova: And yet, literature conduct is still further.
Vova: I suppose you could possibly refund later.
Vova: In particular, the telephone, like, you know, address book, to the funding.
Vova: connected, so…
Vova: I doubt it would just discuss per customer location, please.
Vova: planiro.
Vova: So… Parametremi.
Vova: orders destinations.
Vova: avoided.
Vova: j'ai bescartes.
Vova: Hippa Piritasovo.
Vova: depreciation.
Vova: martef.
Vova: multiple routes.
Vova: I should emotional payche, it's got to overall emotional pity in the edit.
Vova: Cheers, magato.
Vova: Ye… Dumpty… Stop.
Vova: AI in the scanner, the… the cartoon.
Vova: It's nice.
Vova: capture, destinations. It's a camera.
Vova: a no…
Vova: He… Evo de circuitry widget.
Vova: destination.
Vova: bomber.
Igor Golovtsov: Look at that was more than spread bacterially.
Vova: Bluh, pretty… the.
Igor Golovtsov: Much a bit quicker than before.
Vova: Chuti.
Vova: Somebody show me.
Vova: kspota.
Vova: Drusov?
Vova: e responsatov.
Vova: Oh, tout no international.
Vova: u, nas… Teradata.
Vova: At the, got overroute.
Vova: settings.
Vova: marching dog garage ali.
Vova: Asset management.
Vova: karis
Vova: Let me delete this?
Vova: stole my super gazette.
Vova: If I consume customer portal.
Vova: Munch it, clientele cliente.
Vova: I'm expecting that, it can revert them, there was a motion list.
Vova: Kartal.
Vova: Kastner part.
Vova: At Cheroku. On each night we did Takushaniszhko.
Vova: dih.
Vova: i.
Vova: Appreciate the show.
Vova: Is a requested visit, is Likoshes.
Vova: No idein.
Vova: And let's a destination at the visit.
Vova: eta visite.
Vova: I need a destination.
Vova: destination.
Kateryna Shevchenko: chien.
Vova: Okay, initial sluggame.
Vova: serious controversion.
Vova: Then period.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Got it.
Vova: Yes, Abby, well, if you're… It's Kerry Gordon test time.
Dan Khasis: strategic route planner, I start to seek.
Alexey Afanasiev: Good Caucasus.
Igor Golovtsov: No, no, no.
Igor Golovtsov: Cool.
Alexey Afanasiev: Nope.
Igor Golovtsov: Co-created optimization, meh…
Dan Khasis: start time, 38 at the… Juan. Juan.
Igor Golovtsov: Hmm.
Igor Golovtsov: Sergey.
Serhii Kasainov: Sergeijic.
Serhii Kasainov: apano.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: you should steer.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yeah, okay, good.
Dan Khasis: Many modems, they all like that exists.
Dan Khasis: Kakua.
Dan Khasis: Kakawa.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: fast.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: paellida.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Chess,
Igor Skrynkovskyy: file positive scheme.
Semeyon S: Lexington Payout.
Dan Khasis: get the same primary in Lexington.
Semeyon S: trigger tip occurs.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Tokaschemia.
Semeyon S: Shus.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Let's stimulation by the accident.
Semeyon S: Slack.
Vova: that material is scheduled.
Vova: Upload it.
Igor Golovtsov: kannett.
Vova: Yeah, Ponyo?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: ovid.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: or default.
Dan Khasis: Rao.
Semeyon S: premierek Premier.
Semeyon S: That are abortion rights.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: project.
Dan Khasis: near the.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: mu… Profiles of Bichnoj?
Dan Khasis: Jedvyat.
Dan Khasis: web interface.
Dan Khasis: Shia secondo.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: The word…
Dan Khasis: But it is a bit…
Dan Khasis: Okay?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: caporte.
Dan Khasis: Love shit.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Definitely, exactly.
Dan Khasis: absurd.
Dan Khasis: But in my opinion, you're on the El Chater.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: What's psychology student?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Okay, one thing.
Dan Khasis: Illustrate.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Ta…
Igor Golovtsov: But most of the most kind of…
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Please allow the phone, brother.
Vova: Eastern.
Dan Khasis: Not the wave is the same, though.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Okay, estable emigo da.
Dan Khasis: Ich nous answer.
Dan Khasis: I do not call it.
Igor Golovtsov: You know, keep…
Igor Skrynkovskyy: What that does not.
Semeyon S: Etoto.
Dan Khasis: No, no, there's no… was a defect of the opportunity.
Dan Khasis: Machine header. I need a human headerie.
Dan Khasis: on the battle.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Private strategy for privates.
Dan Khasis: At any wizard. At any wizard. At any wizard, they are like…
Dan Khasis: These are scenarios, but promoting the person's odd scenarios.
Dan Khasis: No eternio format.
Dan Khasis: Okay, what, Igor, why were you offset?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Sequonga, okay, sure.
Dan Khasis: Ivat wizard die.
Dan Khasis: And that boy duplicate.
Dan Khasis: Kakita Versche.
Dan Khasis: Incrementum.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Gichuaniato.
Dan Khasis: No, okay. Super, super. Advanced users.
Dan Khasis: Okay, Dr. Shark?
Dan Khasis: We've prepared a little…
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Not the show.
Semeyon S: You need, no location of, Tams, kruchovich.
Vova: shock, what did that say, Russian bullet, yeah.
Dan Khasis: Kakoya Fali, Delhi.
Semeyon S: And,
Semeyon S: na.
Semeyon S: Boswell.
Oleg Pravyk: shell stains.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Los Thomas.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, it's a linearshod, no, it's a…
Dan Khasis: Scenario… scenario.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Achemos.
Vova: The height optimization profile option does depend on me or same.
Semeyon S: The Palinter Nepalized.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Okay, then he has a prescribe.
Dan Khasis: But there's this condition, soft maximum routes for period, David, no, okay.
Dan Khasis: Yes, they're probably in the pomeo.
Dan Khasis: Was… Yes, Brian Napoleon was… Look at the bulla.
Dan Khasis: It must be able to avoid a punishable financial dimensionally financial.
Serhii Kasainov: No.
Dan Khasis: Polish.
Serhii Kasainov: destination.
Serhii Kasainov: No, strategic planning.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: -Oh.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: customer location page.
Artur Moskalenko: Yeah, of strategic.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Hmm.
Dan Khasis: That is J. Brian,
Dan Khasis: Kelisho Dosto Novok?
Dan Khasis: not three scenarios.
Dan Khasis: master router.
Dan Khasis: There's more about status to where you can import the import for recurringly imported ad hoc, there's the model with routing status, but for…
Igor Skrynkovskyy: scenario.
Dan Khasis: So it is large, it routed… routet.
Dan Khasis: nare.
Dan Khasis: jest shared location, scenarios.
Dan Khasis: location routed context in NIF context scenario. Onlychan, solution, but imported flag true false, Locational.
Dan Khasis: filter.
Dan Khasis: Wouldn't be smoothly.
Serhii Kasainov: No, that colon.
Dan Khasis: some flag-routed version with notary scenarios anymore.
Dan Khasis: Yes, we would need a bad location of scenario.
Dan Khasis: No wonder out the blitze.
Dan Khasis: Nas neato,
Dan Khasis: Read trip time, post… Pre-route time, post-route time.
Dan Khasis: what the period of washing yourself took the max route duration?
Dan Khasis: at the…
Dan Khasis: Yesenia's naish… Skolko… Razne… Razmir.
Dan Khasis: But,
Dan Khasis: Pivot is not just… more with Niros Gorzhaitsev scenario.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: addressna.
Dan Khasis: Toy, toy, toy.
Dan Khasis: Yes, les des.
Dan Khasis: Ikure I Piva.
Dan Khasis: Is this, p-shot percent of revenue during the quarter.
Dan Khasis: EP7% of nepivo.
Vova: inventory item eta akazati.
Dan Khasis: Merdo ETV.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Much shorter.
Dan Khasis: No, no, the maximum was himself.
Dan Khasis: Dojo… Sergei Donzan.
Dan Khasis: Yes, yes, status, yes, scenario imported in theta?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: What's this?
Dan Khasis: Okay, no, Heather, it's not pending.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: So, outside company, that's cool.
Vova: Social Night.
Vova: liberation.
Dan Khasis: If, sure, Ipotom imported, imported in, imported too.
Dan Khasis: it imported as Brian Putnam ad hoc, Master.
Dan Khasis: kruitub.
Semeyon S: Koita.
Semeyon S: You should've got…
Vova: More shaky.
Dan Khasis: Everyone's born.
Dan Khasis: Look at those.
Semeyon S: informats.
Dan Khasis: It's about lilies.
Dan Khasis: What's about Dan Car near the Del Noteka defictione?
Dan Khasis: At the, the…
Igor Skrynkovskyy: resultad.
Vova: Important progress, tipa.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: No, but…
Igor Skrynkovskyy: tam, in progress.
Semeyon S: siemo.
Semeyon S: il esteem
Semeyon S: instantly, what prospect does, nikkak.
Dan Khasis: Is it the status, at the import status?
Semeyon S: Etta import is.
Semeyon S: systemo, video ad hoc.
Dan Khasis: Pending, whether it's Lucy, pending is not just not started, Prana.
Vova: Not to import that option.
Dan Khasis: a good…
Vova: It was more than Danny.
Dan Khasis: Accepted, I accepted that the yes to non-import, yes, it is DL import.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: This deal looks…
Dan Khasis: Yes, this deal accepted, this deal in progress. Or is this deal completed?
Dan Khasis: Post… With that, the… eta true.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: So…
Vova: This is not accepted, no, Premier.
Dan Khasis: Not accepted.
Dan Khasis: proposed in a draft, in a period, per lifecycle.
Vova: The draft auditioner supplement.
Dan Khasis: Possibly.
Dan Khasis: It's a Mosa, boy.
Semeyon S: pa praab.
Semeyon S: My short status of toys, draft, in progress.
Vova: import in progress.
Dan Khasis: at the… at the start… at the Darjini import, because that dealers is a route for me, route for me at any import, at the accepted status.
Dan Khasis: What?
Dan Khasis: I had to accept a timestamp.
Dan Khasis: Brazo.
Vova: the user at any time.
Dan Khasis: If it does any import at the push, sync, it doesn't have any import.
Semeyon S: Okay, maybe I'm Kerminal logian, draft… Seem… Syncing. Simply syncing, nano-syncing.
Semeyon S: E… accepted. Tuck?
Vova: If I'm action accepts scenario. Addiction does not occur.
Semeyon S: I'm lying.
Semeyon S: I don't even know right now that we did that.
Vova: like you do the OJ.
Dan Khasis: GPT.
Dan Khasis: Let's proceed. What's a ticket…
Semeyon S: Yes, gentlemen.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: virtually.
Semeyon S: Yes, no.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yeah, ja boil.
Dan Khasis: But we are… historia importa.
Dan Khasis: the Kota user of the Kota gene, at the percent.
Dan Khasis: If shot,
Vova: That's true, because I…
Dan Khasis: Warrior Novia Schwarzlov.
Vova: Auchner routie, I master routie.
Vova: Import as regular roads, import is master routes.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: The wrong idea.
Dan Khasis: lower.
Vova: vaile.
Dan Khasis: Jask Allen ad hoc,
Vova: Master and EMASTER.
Dan Khasis: My diet body test is actually the dynamic chemotherapy master.
Vova: Not that, no.
Dan Khasis: Yes, they were postmoderated in a scenario in FCID, not three scenarios.
Dan Khasis: of the walletso.
Dan Khasis: Man, there's no motorship.
Dan Khasis: Picardo Gurujitsa, bakite.
Dan Khasis: Decilely, quartilely, kannelisov.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, Publikov, which is the user… regime.
Dan Khasis: il y… Raj, Delta Shasson Delta. This,
Dan Khasis: computers, etc.
Dan Khasis: Adnasikundo.
Dan Khasis: Okay, that is coated defects sedim.
Dan Khasis: Zoom them.
Vova: destination of Avremeni.
Vova: rasmera.
Dan Khasis: Prep.
Dan Khasis: It was Ipayakhilib.
Dan Khasis: At the Bulski Flag Kakota.
Dan Khasis: There's more sketchat in Islands, there's more of Drusoonya Scotchat.
Dan Khasis: grammar.
Dan Khasis: snapshot scenario.
Dan Khasis: Destination count.
Dan Khasis: bucket is Simon recorded primarily after bucketing.
Dan Khasis: sov.
Dan Khasis: Temer.
Dan Khasis: distribution outlier, a veterans which, Yeah, same with it.
Dan Khasis: bulletam.
Dan Khasis: Was data got over at the gnights of data frame?
Dan Khasis: etta va…
Dan Khasis: What are to my customers?
Vova: not a storage.
Dan Khasis: No.
Dan Khasis: destination.
Dan Khasis: Nakdan, Riding that gym.
Dan Khasis: After cluster results from a positive DB scan in the optics.
Dan Khasis: top performers.
Dan Khasis: Which service time punishna beside percent of?
Dan Khasis: attorneger.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Done.
Dan Khasis: Na brina, google storage bucket.
Dan Khasis: vidirsch.
Vova: e polar chartan.
Dan Khasis: sebenne.
Dan Khasis: Correlation analysis.
Dan Khasis: What you clicked on now, what added cluster?
Dan Khasis: individuated.
Dan Khasis: Shastasny, et al funcsional.
Dan Khasis: Timor's…
Dan Khasis: Budzelite, I showed that to a scenario.
Dan Khasis: koita.
Dan Khasis: Is she water that kuduta.
Dan Khasis: na kravoi.
Dan Khasis: So, build quick activity, build performance coaching.
Dan Khasis: done with the best…
Dan Khasis: Comforto.
Dan Khasis: etta.
Dan Khasis: Pokazovic.
Dan Khasis: would be right.
Dan Khasis: What comparison?
Dan Khasis: Yves carje des regime.
Dan Khasis: would dominate Raznitzel.
Dan Khasis: attribute.
Dan Khasis: apocalyte… Brabatovit.
Dan Khasis: Kick down here row by row.
Dan Khasis: Was the glasses at you?
Serhii Kasainov: No.
Vova: Adam finishing.
Dan Khasis: ratios.
Dan Khasis: these ratios.
Dan Khasis: At Sklada… Intactalia.
Dan Khasis: economia per milo.
Dan Khasis: Tristimil.
Dan Khasis: visitor store.
Dan Khasis: Fuck.
Dan Khasis: Alexei, Jaska, Pete, Patrick, chill?
Dan Khasis: Network analyzer.
Alex Yasko: What the, quotations just post?
Dan Khasis: The IHU Network Analyzer.
Dan Khasis: And you need to stop there, if we have obscure.
Dan Khasis: Start to…
Alex Yasko: That doesn't have to push those two.
Dan Khasis: desires.
Dan Khasis: you're not very direct with, no.
Dan Khasis: home page, lekodata.
Alex Yasko: Yeah, and I showed that it's Chaskinosilkov, Chadzumi.
Artur Moskalenko: Yes, throw out network optimization on a new script.
Dan Khasis: A 10-year-old network optimization at a depot, apt Anweiser.
Alex Yasko: Skin or silk, huh?
Alex Yasko: Zoom in.
Dan Khasis: DLH Create New Depot simulation.
Dan Khasis: This is a levy wire.
Dan Khasis: Simulation, leisure Assumption of Nieto.
Dan Khasis: financial liter gig, assumptions.
Dan Khasis: What… what shows the element of so predominant? It shows is the Lnath?
Dan Khasis: David Lehtmavat.
Dan Khasis: So jest.
Dan Khasis: Jekstait.
Dan Khasis: Word progressed bar on the shawl, on a bravado.
Dan Khasis: do a mesa.
Dan Khasis: A carquet of what we did she just got.
Dan Khasis: In the COVID tipo dashboard, Picasso will… Shotakoit a depot.
Dan Khasis: No, premier.
Dan Khasis: knock on… kilometer for Gorda.
Dan Khasis: the Roy's Cloud Throastoid treats these measures.
Dan Khasis: Creators Cloud.
Dan Khasis: Troy.
Dan Khasis: Statistics.
Dan Khasis: Katorimpactruv.
Dan Khasis: No, a platena prazo.
Dan Khasis: no vida frazzo.
Dan Khasis: At the World Space DCT deport of Kutramo Khatim.
Dan Khasis: very end of that. It was yesterday, Scenario Din, Scenario Dwa, Scenario 3, Minia, it's a starting location. Vietnam scenario, just Durgo starting location, the Strati starting location.
Dan Khasis: Vertum scenario plenary.
Dan Khasis: They shot the pad zoom, and you shot the curly.
Dan Khasis: version made that disappeared on the walls of zoom.
Dan Khasis: at the, the…
Dan Khasis: But the more serious by Tina Strategic Optimizations.
Dan Khasis: It's a bear…
Igor Skrynkovskyy: I multiply the pond.
Dan Khasis: Not the Kakta Buistra.
Dan Khasis: It's good.
Dan Khasis: What is excited about the ratios?
Dan Khasis: Where's the old wrapper.
Semeyon S: At the, blood, scattered blood.
Vova: Yeah, let me show you the dashboard, Zapesta.
Dan Khasis: No, it is notchet.
Serhii Kasainov: nicht.
Dan Khasis: No te…
Serhii Kasainov: E dos matrico.
Dan Khasis: acceptance status.
Vova: At CUDA failed router, it is just scenario to the router meshes module.
Vova: Executive Option.
Semeyon S: Damn.
Dan Khasis: No.
Semeyon S: master created routes.
Semeyon S: esh.
Dan Khasis: On Pokazov with… For the chairman of Cheeto Pokazovit, you said, Only Sonya Pokazovit.
Semeyon S: sistemo.
Semeyon S: Marshruti.
Semeyon S: jelly.
Dan Khasis: Jigsaw puzzle.
Dan Khasis: But she got Lego, not a two-dimensional LEGO.
Semeyon S: Cornell, though.
Dan Khasis: jigsaw puzzle.
Semeyon S: Oh…
Dan Khasis: Jigsaw puzzles.
Dan Khasis: clientev.
Dan Khasis: Strait.
Dan Khasis: Piedruguer.
Dan Khasis: clienteep.
Semeyon S: Duh.
Dan Khasis: Geisenh.
Dan Khasis: Yes, the counter-agreement.
Dan Khasis: Pizza wholesalers could totally… E quando argumenta.
Dan Khasis: At the doorstore.
Dan Khasis: Respecanium.
Dan Khasis: If, if Tom can text you…
Semeyon S: No.
Dan Khasis: Look.
Dan Khasis: Free diet, another.
Dan Khasis: nada.
Dan Khasis: No, it's another stop presentingo.
Semeyon S: ti.
Semeyon S: na.
Dan Khasis: At the door store.
Dan Khasis: Okay, just cause I…
Dan Khasis: best practices.
Dan Khasis: Radimogo de la Carava.
Dan Khasis: Stubernier.
Dan Khasis: You cook down into that,
Dan Khasis: Relationship.
Semeyon S: pricrasana.
Semeyon S: route groups.
Vova: nastavo.
Semeyon S: that.
Vova: campaign.
Dan Khasis: jest.
Semeyon S: I should read in the UI commotion scratch.
Dan Khasis: at least… But that's name the staging initial.
Vova: nihadin.
Vova: doztunari.
Vova: I po tumo.
Dan Khasis: Raznette.
Dan Khasis: Not the mere notes.
Semeyon S: Which is a life insurance.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, it denotes… eti notes,
Dan Khasis: So how much larger the chest did the… Oh… automatic scheduling task.
Dan Khasis: in a short scheduling task for Osteozzio Pro Sigre, with all the lead.
Dan Khasis: It's a problem scenario.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: bonjours a poster.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: On a traboto.
Dan Khasis: Hmm.
Dan Khasis: And here's a torching board, Rossi.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: What?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: i,
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Doctor.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Touch the consistency on mentioning our chats.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yes, yes.
Dan Khasis: Should they measured?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: dolci, por…
Dan Khasis: Stock Hoosier. Consistency Hoosier.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: No polisha et cetera.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: pet destination.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Causeland.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Okay, okay.
Dan Khasis: Okay, Dr. Pierte Projo.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Oh, smudry.
Vova: deleted.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: iftrai.
Vova: Huh.
Dan Khasis: And he buffed it out.
Vova: I didn't realize that we needed it.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: domania.
Artur Moskalenko: komikarta.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: mute.
Oleg Pravyk: Sarkarovko, but I want destinations.
Oleg Pravyk: from Nicely.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: No, that's.
Oleg Pravyk: That are the two dreams of food.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: That's fair.
Oleg Pravyk: No, no, no.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Good to be on.
Vova: Taroi.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: dastaviarne.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Pad destination,
Dan Khasis: Parker, Parker, can you hear?
Parker Woodward: Yes, I'm here.
Dan Khasis: Okay, this is the new algorithm for, for, what do you call those?
Parker Woodward: Strategic Optimizer.
Dan Khasis: Lexington Wholesalers.
Parker Woodward: Pizza wholesalers? Yeah.
Dan Khasis: Yeah.
Dan Khasis: So…
Parker Woodward: You can continue in Russian, I speak fluently.
Dan Khasis: I know, I know, but they're better at English now.
Parker Woodward: Thank you.
Dan Khasis: So… We did, we did the two scenarios now with this, with this, with this new algorithm.
Dan Khasis: Igor, how, by the way, is there a flag for the algorithm? Or how does it…
Dan Khasis: How does he know to run that correctly?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Sorry, I didn't get what you mean.
Dan Khasis: How does the cement… the route consistency flag? Is that a… is that.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: The new wizard.
Dan Khasis: flag?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: No, we, it is…
Semeyon S: Yes.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yes, it is inside the… inside the wizard, but here we don't have this flag, so…
Dan Khasis: That's fine, we're gonna add the flag, but it's in the wizard.
Dan Khasis: So that's good.
Dan Khasis: Okay, so let's just show Parker the results, or Parker could tell you where to click.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Fair.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Here is our flag for enabling, disabling.
Parker Woodward: Nice.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Okay, here's the two, two routes, two, scenarios.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Dan, remind me, there's one thing.
Parker Woodward: I don't kind of muddy the waters with it, but it's an important piece related to the opposite of blackout dates, but, you know…
Parker Woodward: Go ahead.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, well, I don't understand one other thing, which is, how come the look, the destination count is different if it's not a bug?
Dan Khasis: If you uploaded the exact same file, how's that different?
Parker Woodward: it's not so much the… those are just the total des… I believe those are the total destinations that are routed based on whatever the variables you've input. So you have… must have different variables that you input. There's another.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, but the number of locat… okay, so if this is the number of actually routed destinations.
Parker Woodward: Yeah. This is wrong. This is totally wrong.
Dan Khasis: Also.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: It's total visits.
Dan Khasis: Because this is… the maximum it could be is 279 times 2 is the maximum.
Dan Khasis: Would I… in this case.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Tom.
Dan Khasis: It's… let's just say, for argument's sake, it's total visits.
Dan Khasis: Hypothetically, let's just pretend that we're good with that.
Dan Khasis: then… The problem is,
Dan Khasis: How many destinations are not routed?
Parker Woodward: There's… there should be… if you… there should be a… no, there should be a filter for that already.
Parker Woodward: Oracle?
Dan Khasis: I have another question. How, Igor? Route consistency is supposed to be worse.
Dan Khasis: Not better.
Dan Khasis: And yet, no route consistency had less routes?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yes.
Dan Khasis: And how's that? That's a bug, isn't it?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: In the back, yes. Because, you're right that this is
Igor Skrynkovskyy: It should be, 558, yes. And, this is con… is incorrect.
Parker Woodward: Scroll, but if you scroll, are they routed to some… There's routed and unrouted, but… Right there.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, that's correct, that's good.
Dan Khasis: And I think that that should…
Dan Khasis: All of this garbage about created routes and failed routes, we need to hide that by default.
Dan Khasis: We don't need that right now.
Dan Khasis: It's too confusing.
Parker Woodward: This… these four are very good.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Hello.
Parker Woodward: These should be front and center.
Dan Khasis: Yes.
Dan Khasis: So, Gabe, can you move those to the columns?
Parker Woodward: And make default.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: We have it in the columns.
Dan Khasis: The sequence is wrong.
Dan Khasis: the default sequence is wrong. How about this? Sparker will send a proposed sequence to Shige, And Simeon.
Dan Khasis: And you guys will deploy it, okay?
Semeyon S: Sure.
Dan Khasis: Okay, so then… We're gonna rename destinations to visits, to… Total visits.
Dan Khasis: Right?
Semeyon S: Okay.
Dan Khasis: So why is it… I still don't understand, Igor, how this is possible.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: It's a… it's a… it's a definitely bug.
Dan Khasis: But whose book?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: I don't know yet. We need to analyze it, because you're right that, we need to have two times of this number maximum, but
Igor Skrynkovskyy: We have adjusted, some addresses, locations, which are bi-weekly,
Igor Skrynkovskyy: So, we will expect even less than 2 times. And as you see, we have a 13% of unrouted routes, so it's definitely not correct.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Is this stuff?
Dan Khasis: Well… Let's just assume those numbers get fixed, so now let's compare.
Dan Khasis: Let's compare the route's consistency, if you open that up for a second.
Dan Khasis: So, Parker, how would… how would…
Dan Khasis: Patrick, go ahead now and analyze this. What would he do? What would he tell you to click? He'd say, let's click on
Dan Khasis: Monday, Of the first week and Monday of the second week, right?
Parker Woodward: I mean, what he'd probably do is import these as ad hoc routes and start to export them, and then just view them week to week, and, you know.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, but we already… but we already have…
Parker Woodward: But what we.
Dan Khasis: we're… we're working on a map, and we're working on a comparison view, so if he were to pick Monday and Monday.
Parker Woodward: Exactly.
Dan Khasis: Week 41, Monday. Where's week… week 42, Monday? Okay, so going back to the gate, it shows the filters. Where's… pick… pick now, we got new filters, here you go, weekdays. Okay.
Parker Woodward: Nice.
Dan Khasis: weekdays, weekdays.
Dan Khasis: Okay, and I hit Monday. The sequence here is fucked, I think, of the weekday short sequence is wrong.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Eric.
Dan Khasis: But you could show this to Patrick, too, and get Doug and Patrick off of that… that thing, the garbage they're talking about right now. Week 42, week 41.
Dan Khasis: So now I'll go ahead and add another filter. Let's do week 41, 40… we don't need to, sorry, there's only two of them. Okay, sorry.
Dan Khasis: So we got… The bi-weeklies have more, it looks like.
Parker Woodward: Yeah, that's where… so… From what I can see, this one and this one are probably…
Parker Woodward: the same route, but there's no way necessarily to understand that that's week 42, Day 1, Route A, or Route A, you know, whatever we want to call it.
Parker Woodward: Sorry, shit, I just fucked that up.
Dan Khasis: I know what you're saying. Let me explain it to the team. So, look, Igor, the situation is that…
Dan Khasis: This one and this one are probably the same route.
Dan Khasis: let's just say, for our given sake, but there's no parity between 3. So it's number 3 on this one, hypothetically.
Dan Khasis: And it's number 1 on this one. So how would the person know? See, it matches perfectly.
Dan Khasis: But because we don't have route part numbers, or checksums, maybe we need to do a checksum, or something.
Dan Khasis: Because there's no way to know, because the pro… you see.
Dan Khasis: Click destination schedule for a second.
Dan Khasis: You see, at the customer level, You could see that…
Dan Khasis: This is, again, the same fuck-up, Sergey, as before.
Dan Khasis: We have dimensional attributes with financial attributes stuck like a zenosa in the middle of everything.
Dan Khasis: Right? It doesn't… it should not be here. Weight, cube, piece, these are all dimensional attributes.
Parker Woodward: They do want… they do want weight there, eventually.
Dan Khasis: Wade is there already, what do you mean, eventually? It's already live.
Parker Woodward: Oh, I thought you said we didn't want them.
Dan Khasis: No, what I'm saying is the default sequencing is screwed up, because the financial metrics were jammed in between dimensional ones.
Parker Woodward: Gotcha, gotcha.
Dan Khasis: Okay, so look, so here's what I'm saying.
Dan Khasis: Go to the right more, go to the right.
Dan Khasis: We need the exact same thing at the route level. I don't know if Volvo needs to think how to do it. I don't have a good idea.
Dan Khasis: When you look at the routes.
Dan Khasis: You need to be able to see that, somehow, that this route is actually the same
Dan Khasis: For week 1, and week 2, and Week 3,
Dan Khasis: there is Route 1… the problem is Route 1 on week 1 is not equal to Route 1 on week 2, even though there is a week… a Route 1 that is a perfect match.
Dan Khasis: But in the, in the list.
Dan Khasis: The solver is changing it, so week 1, week 2, week 3, Route 1.
Dan Khasis: Is that, let's just say, is here, and then…
Dan Khasis: in week 2, the same route is Route 2, and in week 3, the same route is Route 3, but that's wrong. Technically, it's always Route 1, Route 1, Route 1.
Vova: Are we assigning those routes to vehicles, for hypotypical vehicles? Because we can group by vehicle, if we do.
Parker Woodward: These will eventually, but not all, clients will assign my vehicle.
Parker Woodward: These will eventually be by vehicle because they want to use a weight capacity.
Parker Woodward: would mix fleet.
Parker Woodward: But… Not all clients will use that.
Parker Woodward: I wonder if you just kind of created… colorization.
Parker Woodward: That's probably not the best way to do it, though.
Parker Woodward: I wonder if you could add a flag into these.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: So…
Parker Woodward: Even just to say, for example, instead of a checkbox, Or a checkbox with a…
Parker Woodward: Identifier to say that this one is on the same…
Parker Woodward: Just keeping the route consistency week to week.
Vova: We can add a group in here, and group routes in this table by… by route.
Vova: i kacemission.
Vova: No leis.
Vova: I mean, over the years.
Dan Khasis: Okay.
Dan Khasis: Parker,
Dan Khasis: Do you understand so far, in the… all the English stuff that we talked about? We need to look at the bug about why the numbers don't add up, but…
Dan Khasis: I think you got screenshots now for Patrick to show him…
Dan Khasis: the route consistencies going live, and I… and sergey, how much time do we need to finish to deploy filters on production?
Serhii Kasainov: Just need the QA approval.
Dan Khasis: If you want extra QA help, Parker can do it.
Serhii Kasainov: Nice. Maybe we will hide a couple of filters, because they need a backend after complete.
Serhii Kasainov: to work properly.
Parker Woodward: So, I just have 3 things. One…
Parker Woodward: Are we confident the week-to-week is giving us the consistency we want? The answer to that is yes, correct me if I'm wrong. Two, the other issue is with time zones.
Parker Woodward: Is that… what's the status of that? And third is, I'd like to talk about…
Parker Woodward: the opposite of blackout dates, which is kind of specific dates that have stopped. This is for a different opportunity, Dan. This is with AblePest. They have 700 vehicles nationwide. They actually want to use the API.
Parker Woodward: to leverage Strategic Optimizer, so it's a little bit different, but those are 3 things that…
Parker Woodward: I'd like updates on.
Dan Khasis: I don't understand the… I don't understand the question for.
Parker Woodward: Blackout dates?
Dan Khasis: Yeah, they want specific white dates? Like, specific dates they want to do? I don't get it.
Parker Woodward: Exactly. So, for example, they have a specific date, or even a date range that they have to hit that location. They can only go during that location.
Dan Khasis: Dates, or days of the week?
Parker Woodward: Date.
Parker Woodward: So, upcoming, like, 10-13, you know, October 13th. I can only go during that time.
Dan Khasis: Okay.
Dan Khasis: That's a different algorithm. We have to… Igor and I have to think about it.
Parker Woodward: Okay.
Dan Khasis: It sounds to me that it's more of, like, an offset algorithm, where…
Dan Khasis: They tell us the date, they gotta tell us the start date, they tell us the exact date.
Dan Khasis: And then… We send the solver
Dan Khasis: the offset date relative to the start date, so if it's October 13th and it's the 25th.
Dan Khasis: And there's 31 days in September, we would do start date of September 25th, plus 6, plus 13, and the whitelist would show 19, and it would say, this address is only visible on the 19th day relative to the start. Then it would put it there. That's how I would probably do it. Right, Igor?
Parker Woodward: To be… to be clear, Dan, it's… they have…
Parker Woodward: They have that, and you probably already know this, but they have that, and…
Parker Woodward: It's in combination with the,
Parker Woodward: days that can be visited. So, for example, the way in which they use it, they call it an affinity. So they have, you know, their starting day is 1 and ending day is 20. What that means to them is that they set their cycle, that's a monthly cycle for them, 1 to 20, because there's 5 business days in a week for them. So they may say this stop is 1 to 20,
Parker Woodward: They may say this stop is 1 to 10, meaning it needs to be visited in the first half of the month, and then they may have, other stops that are 11 to 20, meaning the second half of the month, and then they'll have other stops that are, days
Parker Woodward: 6 to 9, where those are the specific days that they need to run within the schedule. Then they'll also have specific dates that are locked, right? So, most of those are what they call unlocked.
Parker Woodward: So they just have an affinity there, and then they have locked dates, where they say, this is the exact date.
Parker Woodward: That I need… I have to… I have to make it on this date.
Dan Khasis: I don't think it's a problem, Igor, what do you think?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Sorry, I'm trying to, to multitask and solve the problem. Can you repeat, or…
Dan Khasis: I'll repeat it in Russian quickly. We… When you snip,
Dan Khasis: 80 client of Mordzo Pashad. Poshy Shad.
Dan Khasis: There would create measures at 80 grand or more to push a shot.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, the memorial range, memorial range priority to.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yeah, yeah, yeah, Tamna Barat Sifre.
Dan Khasis: dat piri vistina.
Dan Khasis: range safe now.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, it's not a problem, I agree. Parker, we could do it, get the money.
Parker Woodward: Working on it. Will do.
Parker Woodward: Just to… just so you also know the full spec on that, they're actually planning to run… I don't know how you want to call this, it's almost like a cascading optimization. So, on day one, they're gonna run an optimization for all of that.
Parker Woodward: Let's say in an area, let's say 250 stops for a technician, and they know in this month they have to hit 250 stops, they're gonna run the planner with the white, listed days.
Parker Woodward: As well as all of the others. And then day 2, they're gonna know that that technician only made it to 10 of the stops out of 15. So now they're gonna rerun it with the same exact number of stops
Parker Woodward: And we'll obviously price them accordingly for all this, but they're gonna cascade it, meaning the next day two, they're gonna run the same optimization.
Parker Woodward: And insert the unrouted stops.
Dan Khasis: So… But they might also subtract the routed stops.
Parker Woodward: they're gonna subtract the routed stops, exactly, exactly. So it'll cascade, and a lot of computing power and optimization, but we'll charge them, you know, but it's…
Parker Woodward: really adaptive. Like, it's kind of handling the unrouted destinations automatically, which is…
Dan Khasis: We could… we could put in, if we really wanted to, we could put in… Another rule that…
Dan Khasis: another thing in the wizard. We could put in that if they're using a formal customer location, we could check our own customer location database.
Dan Khasis: And we could add another flag in the scenario wizard, and we could call that flag something like,
Dan Khasis: exclude… exclude customer locations routed in the last… or visited in the last N days. And so even if they upload 10,000,
Dan Khasis: We would go to the customer locations database.
Dan Khasis: look at anything that had a note or visit in the last M days, and then wipe it out of the locations, and add another flag in the locations called, like, excluded… excluded reason. Visited in last…
Dan Khasis: 20 days, or too far, or whatever. So we could auto-exclude certain things by certain rules, if we wanted to.
Dan Khasis: That makes sense.
Parker Woodward: It does to me. It's a future state, you know, roadmap, but it would be powerful to have the ability to say that we can route unrouted destinations, or sorry, unvisited destinations automatically. Call it… call it the AI rerouter or something.
Dan Khasis: No, we…
Dan Khasis: Routing on the visited is basically now going back to the customer list and saying, I want,
Dan Khasis: just keep every day running a scenario, and every day the scenario that's running is every one I haven't visited.
Parker Woodward: Yes.
Dan Khasis: But that's a… but anyway, we could… there's ways to do that. So, going back to our main thing, do you have…
Dan Khasis: Do you wanna… do you wanna take pictures right now of what… or do you know what,
Dan Khasis: How it looks like, and what… what… do you have enough…
Parker Woodward: The two items, it sounds like the week-to-week is resolved, and we're confident on that, correct me if.
Dan Khasis: We're not, I don't know if we're confident on that, but it is resolved.
Parker Woodward: Okay, I'll.
Dan Khasis: Or it's mostly resolved.
Dan Khasis: Okay. Or it's possibly resolved.
Parker Woodward: Okay, so I'll… I'll test as well, and then… but also, it sounds like, you know, if that looks good, I can enroll it to the pizza wholesalers. The second piece is the issues with the start times that were occurring, but that was, I believe, related to all the time zones.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, well, that's not done yet. Do we know when that's gonna get done?
Dan Khasis: Or not yet, Igor. Not yet.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Not yet, not yet. I think we will solve it today.
Dan Khasis: Okay, what do we need to do with the,
Dan Khasis: So, Parker, the map is coming soon.
Dan Khasis: The map view is coming soon.
Parker Woodward: That'll be very nice. The filters are… Awesome. So…
Dan Khasis: Wait, could you think of any filters we might be missing?
Parker Woodward: I haven't seen them yet, so, let me take a look.
Parker Woodward: I don't see the filters on… they haven't been pushed to production.
Dan Khasis: No.
Parker Woodward: Alright, so I need to get,
Parker Woodward: access to a… an account. I don't have access to anything other than production, Dan.
Dan Khasis: You don't… well, how come Parker doesn't have Route ML access? Does anyone know?
Dan Khasis: If he's developing, have the stuff with us.
Parker Woodward: I don't think anyone knows the answer, and the question, you know, I would ask is how quickly can you get me one?
Dan Khasis: Well, it's 5 minutes, right? Artur can make it for you, probably.
Artur Moskalenko: Yep, I'll share credentials.
Parker Woodward: Thanks, Artur. I'll provide feedback on that, Dan, once I have those.
Parker Woodward: But from what I saw, you know, it looked good. I mean, there's probably little things, but all good.
Dan Khasis: The density is where you should… the density and the delta between them is probably one of the bigger ones you should look at.
Parker Woodward: Yeah, figuring out how to…
Parker Woodward: figuring out how to display that routes are consistent week to week. Maybe it's even just a column. I'm just kind of going into thought, you know.
Parker Woodward: solutions mode. Maybe it's even a column that we add that…
Parker Woodward: Is there a percentage that are consistent week to week?
Dan Khasis: Yeah, well, that's what I was showing right now.
Dan Khasis: In the spreadsheet, which I was in a show right now.
Dan Khasis: Give me a second.
Dan Khasis: Okay, if every route, if you assume that…
Dan Khasis: Every route has a… A bunch of destinations.
Dan Khasis: And you assume that each destination has a checksum?
Dan Khasis: Whatever that might be.
Dan Khasis: plus some other attributes that are important to us. One could say that this is the route's checksum.
Dan Khasis: So then, if you then have the exact same route, In the second week.
Dan Khasis: And you assume that these val… these are…
Dan Khasis: These values are equal to each other.
Dan Khasis: Then the assumption would be that these two routes are…
Dan Khasis: are equal to each other, because they have the same checksum. I'm using a math function to make it easier.
Vova: What if this destination is missing on next route?
Dan Khasis: You're still… you're changing topics, but you're changing topics.
Vova: basically the same.
Dan Khasis: They're not… no, you're changing topics.
Dan Khasis: This is a separate thing. First thing is exact match.
Dan Khasis: you're going to partial match. The first thing is that most of the time.
Dan Khasis: for scenario number one is exact match. You can't just… you can't just ignore that this is the exact match. Then you go into partial match.
Dan Khasis: Exact match is easy to do, it's fast. Then you go to partial match.
Dan Khasis: The… the situation with partial match is that now you've got… This address and this address.
Dan Khasis: We're okay in version 1s doing,
Dan Khasis: what we call… comparison view, like I already told Sergey, that if the guy picks 3 addresses.
Dan Khasis: that, or excuse me, 3 routes that he would show on 3 columns, and all the metrics would be beneath them, so it'd be Route 1, Route 2, Route 3.
Dan Khasis: And then all… the same as we have in the Legacy software, which I call Classic, not Legacy. Metrics A, B, C, D, Metrics Group.
Dan Khasis: That's it.
Dan Khasis: And then you would show all the comparative metrics, and you would show the maps. The customers love it.
Dan Khasis: When you see… that comparison view, they love it.
Dan Khasis: With the map side-by-side and the metrics right below it.
Dan Khasis: That's, like, a big, big sales point for the customers.
Parker Woodward: They do fucking love it.
Dan Khasis: Because they're… otherwise, they have to open 50 fucking tabs.
Dan Khasis: So anyway, so there… so this is your basic view, but then you're always saying, okay, what…
Dan Khasis: In week two… in week two, that's the expectation.
Dan Khasis: Then in week 2 for this customer.
Dan Khasis: These stops are missing. That's exactly right.
Dan Khasis: Or… And so now you're… you're… the thing is, is that… You switched now from a…
Dan Khasis: Check some function, which is easy and fast to implement.
Dan Khasis: To another function, where if each of these.
Vova: Bitmusks.
Dan Khasis: Each of these routes, yeah, each of these, you have one array, or whatever, and then you have this one.
Dan Khasis: And now you have keys, and if you look at the, I don't know, array keys, what's the, what's the intersection of the array keys of, of,
Dan Khasis: of array 1 and Array 2. And what you're gonna have is…
Dan Khasis: it's gonna be… the intersection's gonna be these two are missing, or array diff, right, whatever that is for that language, array diff, so here it's gonna say…
Dan Khasis: You had 10 here, and you had 8 here. It's gonna show you the delta.
Dan Khasis: Is the 2, and so now this is 10 out of 10?
Vova: 80% match.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, 10 out of 10, and this one's, 8 out of 10.
Dan Khasis: So then…
Dan Khasis: And then over here, you… and then you got the delta, so this Route 2 matches Route 1, 80%. And then…
Dan Khasis: The objective, and then one of those histograms we talked about, we would show, like, okay, route… Consistency.
Dan Khasis: analysis, right? And then you would have 100% week-over-week match, or kind of is its own column. Then you go 90 to 99, then, let's say 80…
Dan Khasis: to 89. And so… and then you go down to…
Dan Khasis: Whatever. All the way down to 0 to 10.
Dan Khasis: And then it would show, okay, well, in this case, we'd get a plus one for this range.
Dan Khasis: In week one, we'd get… A plus 1 for this range.
Dan Khasis: And then, because we would have the checksums, The point would be.
Dan Khasis: I don't know what's happening with this thing, it's just weird.
Dan Khasis: That's similar to how we have,
Dan Khasis: The destination schedule, you would have the same for route schedule.
Dan Khasis: This customer would see Week 1, Week 2, And, Route 1…
Dan Khasis: And we… they would never match. That's the point. They would never match.
Dan Khasis: They don't want it to match.
Dan Khasis: But on week 3, They won a perfect match.
Dan Khasis: Which, which is what's gonna happen, it's gonna repeat.
Vova: And on week 4, they want a perfect match with week 2.
Vova: In this case.
Dan Khasis: Exactly. And that's not what was happening. That's why we had to switch the algorithm. Because the algorithm kept moving shit around.
Dan Khasis: From week 1 to week 2. Week 3 was different.
Dan Khasis: So this would basically show, instead of a destinations list, it would show routes list.
Dan Khasis: It would still show destinations, it would still show… Locations.
Dan Khasis: It would still be broken down by… actually, it'd probably be…
Dan Khasis: by day of week, here would be the destination count. 20, 22, 23, but it's not the same route, right? A route is…
Dan Khasis: The week is the unique value of the week plus the day.
Dan Khasis: That's a unique route.
Dan Khasis: The route is not just the day, or just the week.
Vova: generally, I most likely shows a,
Vova: gonna want to, use the same drivers to visit the same customers, so they.
Dan Khasis: For sure.
Vova: To assign, mostly, Similar routes to the same people.
Dan Khasis: Exactly, because these drivers are salespeople. They want the same people going the same route so they could sell more stuff.
Vova: Yeah, but sometimes, some destinations are gonna jump to other drivers because of optimization.
Dan Khasis: Not in the consistency case. In the consistency case.
Dan Khasis: It doesn't jump to other drivers, which is why they like it.
Vova: Sweet.
Parker Woodward: Not only doesn't it, it cannot. Operationally speaking.
Parker Woodward: They have to send out a letter, a physical letter, to all of their customers to say, here's your driver that's changing. They care less about operational efficiency, as they are willing to sacrifice that efficiency in order to maintain the relationship efficiency.
Dan Khasis: That's what I'm saying, Tawa, that in this case, for this customer, is the same route.
Dan Khasis: there is no change. The difference is they had 10 on the first week, and they have 7 on the second week, and that's fine. They're gonna lose…
Dan Khasis: They're gonna lose that 30% efficiency, and they don't care. They're okay with it. Do it. They're fine with it.
Vova: No, it's clear.
Dan Khasis: The question is, how are we gonna check that the actual algorithm worked?
Dan Khasis: We… who's gonna tell us that answer?
Dan Khasis: And… Igor, or who, or Parker, can we get Parker access to RouteML?
Parker Woodward: I have access now.
Dan Khasis: So can… maybe he could go in and look at it.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Actually, we can… we can try to check it with Juan. Juan just confirmed that there is a problem with his request, and he's checking where is a problem, and I think we can…
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Check it, validate result, after fix.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: So… Or are we…
Dan Khasis: gigsaw.
Dan Khasis: Who takes the numbers math, you or Juan? Or them?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Sorry.
Dan Khasis: other API.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Sorry?
Dan Khasis: Who picks the math?
Dan Khasis: For the, the visits, the total visits, who's doing that computation?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: It's, it's making an API on our side, so it's after, optimization site.
Dan Khasis: But we don't know right now where the… why this… the math is broken, right?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: I think it's not a mass problem, it's a problem of optimization, because, it, solver generates too much, too many, stops, visits.
Dan Khasis: Oliver makes a bug?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yes, yes, I think yes, but I need confirmation from Juan about this.
Dan Khasis: So, Parker, can you… you think you have enough?
Dan Khasis: to show Patrick that we added the route consistency thing, as well as the filters.
Dan Khasis: Yeah.
Parker Woodward: That's good, but… Am I hearing incorrectly that there's a bug with the wheat consistency?
Dan Khasis: No, there's a bug with something. I don't know if it's with consistency, it could be with that and 5 other things.
Parker Woodward: Okay.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: We just need to confirm it, because it looks like on routes, we even saw on Dan's screen that, there was a similar route, yes, but somehow we have probably additional routes, or additional stops, to visit, I don't know, several times, or something.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: So, Juan will check, and we will reply.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: He will reply.
Dan Khasis: Okay, Wish, so I have another question.
Dan Khasis: What's the story with that bloom net bug? We fixed it?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yes, we have fixed it, but, let me check if we release it.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Okay, it's, it's on staging.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: I see that those tickets are on staging, and Levan is testing them.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: I will push him now.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yeah, it's just Kim.
Kateryna Shevchenko: machine.
Dan Khasis: Okay, Parker.
Dan Khasis: Well, do we have a picture to show… that you could send Parker, that he can send Patrick?
Dan Khasis: Of the map preview of how the new UI will look for the map preview?
Dan Khasis: Or the… When he… so he could see…
Dan Khasis: How he's gonna be able to explore the routes.
Vova: Yeah, sure. The weekly… One second, I'll show you right now, and send the picture to Parker directly.
Dan Khasis: And maybe, Parker, instead of showing it today, you could show it tomorrow. So it looks like we did something today, and we did something tomorrow.
Vova: Today you sent us…
Vova: here.
Vova: you can see another tab. When you're looking at one scenario, you see another tab.
Vova: And this map shows you all routes within the same day.
Vova: And you can, scroll through days.
Vova: Using these small buttons on the sides, or you can pick dates here.
Vova: For each day, you see how much
Vova: Routes, and how much destinations are at that day. And you… for the day, you can see general stats of that day.
Parker Woodward: This looks fucking awesome. This is where, too, you could also potentially have a consistency checker, or if somehow you could say, in the scenario, let me view
Parker Woodward: almost like a tabbed view, potentially? I don't know, Dan, I don't know if that's possible or too much, but, like, if you had the route A, for example, that's supposed to map to week 1 and Week 2, and you could kind of show that, or pull those…
Vova: what we can do… I, brainstorm right now. We can do… have a sidebar here that shows you, drivers.
Vova: let's say, or… virtual drivers that are not yet assigned, but group… roads already grouped by those people. So these roads are meant to be traveling by the same person.
Parker Woodward: And you can…
Vova: Select this virtual driver, and filter this map by just that driver. And you can scroll and still see all routes for this driver on different days.
Parker Woodward: Yeah.
Parker Woodward: I like that.
Vova: Then blue, like, this idea?
Dan Khasis: The driver thing is complicated, we have to think how to do it.
Parker Woodward: Maybe not so much drivers, but if you can, like, group them, or the grouped.
Vova: Yes. Group… group of… groups of routes, name.
Dan Khasis: Before we do this, we need the comparison view. It's more… the comparison view is more powerful than the…
Dan Khasis: When you look at one route, unless you're gonna compare
Dan Khasis: the same route from 10 weeks, or 2 weeks, or 4 weeks, all on the same map, because you're showing
Dan Khasis: One specific day that's happening, which is great, but it's not the problem.
Dan Khasis: That they have, or that they need to solve.
Dan Khasis: Problem they need to solve is…
Dan Khasis: I wanna look how every Monday from now to the next 6 weeks is gonna look.
Dan Khasis: It's gotta look the same.
Vova: I see.
Dan Khasis: For the driver thing.
Vova: Compare, the same day in different cycles.
Vova: For the same route.
Dan Khasis: Yes.
Dan Khasis: That's why, Igor, we might… it might benefit us
Dan Khasis: To actually generate a real checksum.
Dan Khasis: Oh, the route.
Dan Khasis: And add it as a column for detailed analysis.
Dan Khasis: We could use that farm fingerprint function, because it's fast.
Dan Khasis: That way, when Parker opens it with the guy, he could say, look, there's route ID.
Dan Khasis: This route checksum is exactly as this route checksum.
Dan Khasis: And you could even use latitude, longitude, or…
Dan Khasis: Some other way. Route IDs, it could be route destination ID, it could be… do you generate UUID, Igor?
Dan Khasis: For every single destination, in the order, in the route?
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yeah.
Dan Khasis: So it could be the hash of all the hashes.
Dan Khasis: And then… It could be hidden by default.
Dan Khasis: It'd be an advanced color.
Dan Khasis: that Parker could open, so when the guy says, let's compare the routes, We'd be grouping by… By hash.
Dan Khasis: the route similarity, like the Levenstein distance.
Dan Khasis: type of thing.
Dan Khasis: Because it's basically fuzzy matching on a vector.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: Yeah, but, but we, we need to,
Igor Skrynkovskyy: to check only, full match, yes? So we… we don't, check the stops we… the stops which are not, in the same, sequence.
Igor Skrynkovskyy: And, stops.
Dan Khasis: The sequence doesn't matter, Parker. It just means that one route…
Parker Woodward: No, the same…
Dan Khasis: Yeah, the sequence doesn't matter. Now, for some customers, it might matter, But in that case…
Dan Khasis: We could change it… we could change the…
Dan Khasis: Igor, we could change the grouping function for similarity.
Dan Khasis: We could say similar by… Exact addresses, similar by exact addresses, exact sequence, with just extra checkboxes, similar by…
Dan Khasis: Exact sequence, exact address, exact customer.
Dan Khasis: And then let them pick. Why should we decide?
Dan Khasis: It would be like a route similarity or route consistency analysis.
Dan Khasis: Okay.
Dan Khasis: Anything else, Parker?
Parker Woodward: This is fucking amazing. And then…
Igor Skrynkovskyy: -Oh.
Parker Woodward: The other thing, I know that the time…
Parker Woodward: Starts, time zone is a real pain, so appreciate all the work.
Parker Woodward: This looks… this is looking…
Parker Woodward: really good. I think it's gonna open a lot of fucking doors from us from a sales perspective, so I'm very excited about this.
Parker Woodward: This looks… I'm gonna, like, print this stuff out and, like…
Vova: I have one more thing to make you even more happier.
Dan Khasis: If you have a qualified lead, that's the only thing that doesn't make me happy.
Vova: This is a new concept for facility dashboard overview.
Parker Woodward: Oh, fuck.
Vova: It's meant to be… Customizable, so it has a huge set of different widgets.
Vova: And you can pick a type of widget into which data you want to show this way.
Parker Woodward: one, this looks amazing. I know we're switching gears here a little bit, but maybe a question for Dan and team. Is there any way…
Parker Woodward: Why wouldn't we make facilities potentially a required field?
Dan Khasis: There's a lot of reasons.
Parker Woodward: Or opti- or optionally to make it required.
Parker Woodward: Meaning… I know that's difficult, and that's a very broad thing.
Dan Khasis: It's not difficult, but it's gonna piss off a lot of people who don't have…
Dan Khasis: Who don't own their own facilities, or have highly dynamic pickup airports.
Parker Woodward: I'm thinking, like, for example, Garda, as they go plan routes, I mean, we're gonna solve that through their IT, but, like, InReach right now, if someone plans a route, which they're relying on.
Parker Woodward: they're exporting from their source system, of truth, which is called Seed Cantaloupe, it's their, basically, order management system. They export the data, upload it into Route For Me, and plan routes from an upload.
Parker Woodward: If, at the account owner perspective, said, on uploads, require facility, or somehow in the parameters, they would require that facility. Otherwise, the reporting that starts to trickle up to facilities will be inconsistent.
Parker Woodward: Did that make sense?
Dan Khasis: I think so.
Parker Woodward: Not to take away from how beautiful this is, Vova.
Dan Khasis: This is all… this is all experimental, none of this has been approved.
Vova: Yeah, yeah, we are just work in progress, and it is not finished yet.
Vova: Just the concept, for now.
Parker Woodward: I want to force people to use facilities, in other words.
Vova: We're designing it this not just for facilities, it can be homepage, it can be on every snapshot, and everywhere.
Parker Woodward: Oh, sure. So, everywhere we can…
Vova: Should show analytical data, but we are not quite prepared to… Yet.
Vova: From database point of view, but…
Vova: At some point, I hope we will implement something like this.
Parker Woodward: This is probably an insane ask, but the ability to, like, build your own dashboard, similar to…
Parker Woodward: build your own BI tool, build your own dashboards. You know, if each one of these is modular, you could basically pull them into a dashboard that you drag and drop, but that's…
Parker Woodward: That's, brainstorming here a little bit, but I could see where that would be.
Parker Woodward: at least as a sales tool, very, very valuable, certainly from an operations perspective, I think, valuable as well, to give them what they want to see.
Parker Woodward: One thing you may want to consider in all this is even, like, things like the operational matrix. I think that's probably a…
Parker Woodward: under… Undervalued, piece of our platform.
Dan Khasis: Not done correctly, and we're waiting for them to redo it.
Vova: And he is a new design for operational metrics.
Parker Woodward: I mean, to make this, like, front and center, like, personally, I think we should have…
Dan Khasis: This should be the default… this is the default… it's supposed to be the default.
Parker Woodward: Routes. Review, now the route, now the routes, yeah.
Parker Woodward: Yeah.
Parker Woodward: That's awesome.
Parker Woodward: I'm like a kid in a candy store. This is awesome.
Vova: We're working hard to… Make exciting scenes.
Dan Khasis: What's,
Dan Khasis: So, then the… Okay, what's next, on the, on the demo?
Vova: Do you want me to show more?
Dan Khasis: No, what's… what was the next program or update?
Dan Khasis: From the developers.
Alexey Gusentsov: i, por…
Dan Khasis: Sergei… JSON file.
Dan Khasis: Strategic route planner?
Dan Khasis: cardiomatic, called, true water hematometonavir.
Serhii Kasainov: Not done yet.
Serhii Kasainov: Mutual slosh now.
Dan Khasis: Memorial scope still with that premise.
Dan Khasis: La Grafica.
Dan Khasis: Da.
Dan Khasis: my mental… He had done in a shot.
Vova: journeys de la.
Serhii Kasainov: Back is Dylan.
Alexey Gusentsov: pirates.
Alexey Gusentsov: At Fermata speed odometer to the fuel level, battery level, so was last update.
Dan Khasis: Others did, they watch him boister, blister Italian.
Alexey Gusentsov: 10 years now.
Dan Khasis: Sure.
Alexey Gusentsov: Hi, Yashna?
Dan Khasis: Was jestel tituda.
Serhii Kasainov: Cheetahist.
Vova: nis.
Dan Khasis: cactus nause…
Dan Khasis: Yeah, no. Yeah, premium output motions delivered.
Davron Usmonov: no ovo.
Dan Khasis: I know at the Chicago.
Dan Khasis: Po…
Dan Khasis: So, Parker, that feature is…
Dan Khasis: Shows, gives the user the ability to hover on the vehicle and see the last known info about the vehicle.
Dan Khasis: Okay, one second. So, if you pick a flight.
Dan Khasis: Pretend this is your vehicle tracking.
Parker Woodward: It's gonna tell you everything about the flight and the vehicle.
Dan Khasis: Well, the thing is, is that it was supposed to,
Dan Khasis: do you see how this… it loads a lot of flights, no problem, right? Our system's technically supposed to be as…
Dan Khasis: as efficient.
Dan Khasis: But… So here's a flight going from Naples to Chicago.
Dan Khasis: If you click route, they have a route too, and you see a speed and altitude graph?
Dan Khasis: Now, different sites show it a little differently.
Dan Khasis: So, you could open… You notice how you have a big, beautiful map?
Dan Khasis: BBM.
Dan Khasis: You got a big, beautiful map.
Dan Khasis: And.
Parker Woodward: You did.
Dan Khasis: Right here, you've got… if we had a vehicle.
Dan Khasis: You see, this is streaming, and we have the same thing.
Dan Khasis: And then, you could click on it, and it will give you that snapshot view of that particular
Dan Khasis: Plain.
Dan Khasis: Then, if you go on that plane, they're gonna… if you had a subscription, they would show you the routes and the other stuff, like…
Dan Khasis: Well, this site's a bit different, so…
Dan Khasis: Depending on the… here, this is gonna give you the snapshot. So this is the vehicle. In our case, it's a vehicle.
Dan Khasis: And it tells you, by day, this vehicle was on this route, this vehicle was on this route.
Dan Khasis: We don't have that.
Dan Khasis: We have to do a filter.
Dan Khasis: Buy vehicle in the routes list.
Dan Khasis: That's… so, like, if you click on a vehicle.
Dan Khasis: You're supposed to see the routes list.
Dan Khasis: In the vehicle snapshot.
Alexey Gusentsov: It would exist.
Vova: On design, it was from first day of the road snapshot.
Dan Khasis: So let… so…
Vova: Of the vehicle assumption.
Dan Khasis: So, let's just say I had a vehicle, I'd click on it, it would show me.
Alexey Gusentsov: Yeah, I can show you. I can…
Dan Khasis: Yeah, show… one second. So, like, I'll… so, look, you see how… here it is, this is…
Dan Khasis: This is the flight right here.
Dan Khasis: And…
Dan Khasis: Usually what I… here it is, this is it. This is what we need in the route editor. If you enable that layer, or in the vehicle at the top.
Dan Khasis: You know, would show you.
Dan Khasis: Like, this was the expected route altitude, this is the real one.
Dan Khasis: Or… because we have the plan, then we have the actual. You do the same thing with miles, you do the same thing with time, you do the same thing with service time, you do the same thing with weight, you do the same thing with pieces and cube.
Dan Khasis: And then you can make them compact, like sparklines.
Dan Khasis: So you could see them all.
Dan Khasis: You start the route full, you get to empty. That's in a drop-off route. You do pick up and drop-off, you start full, you go zero, you go up, you go down, you go up, you go down, you end… depending on your business, you end full, or maybe you end empty.
Dan Khasis: Yeah. That if it's just pickup, you leave empty?
Dan Khasis: Or you just keep going straight up?
Dan Khasis: And then you go to depot, back, you're empty. So depending on the business you're in.
Dan Khasis: The graph will look different.
Vova: And we have this in designs for route snapshot.
Vova: Very wild.
Vova: I can share.
Dan Khasis: If you… so… That's an example, that you guys will get the point.
Dan Khasis: We gotta keep going fast, because we've been on the call for a while. That's late for a lot of people.
Alexey Gusentsov: Yeah, so… I'm gonna continue.
Dan Khasis: Yes, you go back to that vehicle page, I want to show you something important.
Dan Khasis: ideally, this is where we have another API already. That API…
Dan Khasis: it shows you all of… it's called Get Asset Location, or Get Vehicle Location.
Dan Khasis: I was… Sergey knows about this one. It's supposed to show us… One more tab here.
Dan Khasis: For tracking, or telemetry, whatever we're gonna call it.
Dan Khasis: And they will show you List with hundreds or thousands of rows in it.
Dan Khasis: And it's gonna say… Date.
Dan Khasis: Time.
Dan Khasis: Speed, altitude, odometer.
Dan Khasis: Fuel level. Battery level.
Dan Khasis: And it's basically the tracking API with the history that we have.
Dan Khasis: is… that tracking API to the history that we have is supposed to…
Alexey Gusentsov: Show my very previous dates.
Dan Khasis: Show all the rows for all the data ever that's stored for that particular customer.
Dan Khasis: Does that make sense?
Alexey Gusentsov: Yep.
Vova: And you can pick, one or few of these, metrics, and plot them.
Vova: On the same graph, or on different graphs.
Dan Khasis: That's later, but yes.
Dan Khasis: but then… or export them, if you want to analyze. The other problem with this UI right here.
Dan Khasis: Is that this entire section
Dan Khasis: is about latest status, but it doesn't make it look like it's the latest status. It just looks like…
Dan Khasis: whatever. You don't really know that it's the latest status, you have to add some sort of grouping there.
Vova: Understand?
Dan Khasis: You gotta add, like, a section category or something.
Vova: Yeah, a little miss.
Vova: Chem.
Dan Khasis: And then.
Vova: and real-time status.
Dan Khasis: There's gonna be, at some point, related drivers or other stuff.
Vova: It meant… it should be here already. If this vehicle is on some road currently, and someone is driving it, it should show it.
Vova: Already, I believe.
Dan Khasis: It should. Yeah, it should.
Dan Khasis: But I don't know if it does.
Dan Khasis: It might be nicer to output this stuff at the top, like the grid.
Dan Khasis: say…
Dan Khasis: Current speed, make it more like video game, right? Heads-up display, current speed, current odometer, current altitude, current fuel level.
Dan Khasis: Current battery level.
Dan Khasis: Current route.
Dan Khasis: I can share my screen and show a mockup already. By the way, the alignment is broken here. The alignment is broken here, too.
Alexey Gusentsov: Facility, yeah, it's no issue, it will be fixed soon, yep.
Alexey Gusentsov: About the same facility button?
Alexey Gusentsov: But just my question is, should we duplicate the information on the pop-up and left sidebar or dashboard?
Dan Khasis: The information on the left doesn't change, but the information here technically should change because of, polling or pusher.
Alexey Gusentsov: And but not… does it mean that all that stuff not should be real-time updated? You mean that only pop-ups should be real-time updated? And what about left sidebar?
Dan Khasis: I'm saying, I think we should do, if we're ready, if you guys already did most of the work.
Dan Khasis: Then we should probably…
Dan Khasis: Add… go to the next stage and add the stuff at the top, and then it would update every few… every 60 seconds at the top.
Dan Khasis: With, like, as expected.
Vova: Let me share my screen. I'll show the recap.
Dan Khasis: But… so what's the major update? That we're showing the vehicle facility, and then the map layers are coming next? So if you open the map, we'll see…
Dan Khasis: Other things?
Alexey Gusentsov: Eventually?
Dan Khasis: For anyone, yeah.
Semeyon S: Basically.
Serhii Kasainov: Do you want it here?
Serhii Kasainov: We was planning to add the map as additional top.
Semeyon S: it must be the additional top for draft route snapshot. We didn't talk about vehicle snapshot.
Semeyon S: But basically, in the future… in the near future, all the maps must have all addition… our standard layers.
Dan Khasis: If you, if you open…
Semeyon S: Fullscreen mode.
Dan Khasis: If we open the… the thing is, if when you're looking at a vehicle, why would you look at a vehicle? I like for use cases.
Dan Khasis: It's being stolen. It broke down.
Dan Khasis: The guy's lost.
Dan Khasis: He got sick.
Dan Khasis: And you need a replacement, and you gotta send the replacement?
Dan Khasis: You gotta finish… you gotta send the guy to get in the Uber to get to the truck, and drive the truck somewhere, because he's not feeling well, to finish the work.
Dan Khasis: You'd send a mechanic there?
Dan Khasis: To fix it.
Dan Khasis: You gotta tell a tow truck where it is?
Dan Khasis: That's why telematics is powerful, but it's not integrated with any workflow.
Dan Khasis: So now you know where the vehicle is, what are you gonna do about it?
Dan Khasis: Or you want to know what trips the vehicle's been on, so you've got the routes, but you also want to know what drivers have driven that vehicle.
Dan Khasis: You wanna know… Every time the vehicle got new gas.
Dan Khasis: Right? Because… how do you know the vehicle got gas? You got… because the fuel level went up?
Dan Khasis: Or because we integrated with a gas card.
Dan Khasis: System, and the gas card system told you.
Dan Khasis: that… that, that this thing happened, though?
Dan Khasis: Right, the gas cart system tells you
Dan Khasis: That they… this vehicle got… this guy for this truck got… used this, got this gas.
Vova: We can compare how much gas he got, and the level of fuel in the tank, and understand if he's stolen this or not.
Dan Khasis: Exactly. That's the problem, that people are stealing gas, and no one knows if the route duration meets the…
Dan Khasis: All that stuff.
Parker Woodward: I have to drop for another call. Thanks, Dan. Thanks, Lil. This looks great.
Dan Khasis: The trans cold? I… do you need me on that call? I think I was supposed to go on it, too.
Dan Khasis: Right?
Parker Woodward: Let me… I'll ping you if needed, Dan.
Parker Woodward: But yeah, I think…
Dan Khasis: Okay.
Alexey Gusentsov: Should I continue, or what else?
Dan Khasis: Just know that when you're at the vehicle snapshot, the… the…
Dan Khasis: That our job is to get…
Dan Khasis: It's to show as much convenient information as possible.
Dan Khasis: That's the ju- that's her job.
Alexey Gusentsov: Yeah, so for now, we are showing all we have from the telemetrics.
Alexey Gusentsov: Commodities.
Alexey Gusentsov: And so, the main reason of this task is that this pop-up will be consistent in the route editor and the vehicles page, so…
Alexey Gusentsov: That's all from this… task, both apart, and yeah.
Dan Khasis: I feel like we're very close, but I feel like something's missing. Like, for example…
Dan Khasis: The main screen should maybe be…
Dan Khasis: Similar to Business Insights, which shows you, like, routes per day for the last day, or…
Dan Khasis: A calendar view, or…
Dan Khasis: the last… the mileage that accumulated, or something. I feel like just going straight to the transaction list of routes.
Dan Khasis: is okay for version 1, but it's not useful for business people. It's useful only for…
Dan Khasis: the random guy who's, like, the operator, but the world is bigger than just… the people who write the checks are not the operators.
Dan Khasis: La premier… No, with Zakazi, no with Tasco.
Dan Khasis: voila.
Vova: primasicios.
Dan Khasis: You can… you can hear some operational issues, though.
Dan Khasis: Magdala, but the worst, shaw's, siasa teneto.
Alexey Gusentsov: snapshot.
Alexey Gusentsov: Don Dutch, then?
Dan Khasis: 0% of the update of my Pacrely.
Alexey Gusentsov: Yani ponado cross.
Semeyon S: Scope.
Dan Khasis: update of Astalis, Astalgia.
Alexey Afanasiev: conditioner.
Davron Usmonov: Pretty shitty smooth.
Alexey Afanasiev: Distant.
Alexey Afanasiev: Isa nomination.
Dan Khasis: Design Romano.
Alexey Gusentsov: Hmm?
Artur Moskalenko: Principitator.
Alexey Gusentsov: No, please.
Alexey Gusentsov: routes, destinations, orders, custom relocations.
Alexey Gusentsov: Is Chinese users obstinate?
Alexey Gusentsov: what E.
Dan Khasis: Their customers. Was your customer locations, like, the customers?
Dan Khasis: customer locations grouped by customer.
Alexey Gusentsov: So divine customer.
Dan Khasis: In vehicles.
Vova: madak.
Alexey Gusentsov: Sprim.
Igor S.: Mine is a concier level.
Dan Khasis: Tavra Proster, Samur…
Dan Khasis: Samo alimentarna.
Igor S.: And.
Dan Khasis: a David-only regime.
Igor S.: What the…
Dan Khasis: Yeah, yeah, see.
Igor S.: No, da.
Dan Khasis: Okay, kundo.
Dan Khasis: Well, that, bad… with that unify UI pad? There's just your sites at the facilities, metrics, esta polo.
Dan Khasis: interiors.
Dan Khasis: society views, would that the default views? Facility? Would that the pre-border no facility?
Dan Khasis: epo tom… critical net uptime.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, but Tom… aktivina, Internet.
Dan Khasis: A wire is sort of per click on the side.
Dan Khasis: a management… il… Premier's TPR communicates, we're strong with the Premier Demotion with routing.
Dan Khasis: strategic routing.
Dan Khasis: Nice security. Security deperies Novovesh, turns away, it's a sensor.
Dan Khasis: Provne.
Dan Khasis: Wirsch.
Dan Khasis: Is this Razelier.
Dan Khasis: Raza temperatura.
Dan Khasis: to bid… And ideally it's called cosveta.
Dan Khasis: It's called Kedigenia, chimona connected.
Vova: with machini, surrounding with mashruti.
Vova: -Oh.
Vova: property at the entity in the categorized moderation.
Dan Khasis: Although… what the odd grill…
Dan Khasis: Ew.
Vova: for sure.
Vova: Yeah, no, throw the Pacific would probably…
Dan Khasis: More is not great snapshot, we are not the walk can create no Daichika. It was censerer.
Vova: Askimi.
Dan Khasis: Oh, not CH.
Vova: Yes.
Dan Khasis: For the premiere, route progress.
Dan Khasis: destination, Think about somebody else,
Dan Khasis: Should not the coit of a man build a coit of a shoots to kill the progressive?
Dan Khasis: Stakim to Placento.
Vova: na.
Dan Khasis: na prosta.
Dan Khasis: In terms of days to work even there. It is the days to work near Nature.
Dan Khasis: cot facilitite.
Dan Khasis: Evento… eto, stamped.
Dan Khasis: attribute, the quota value.
Dan Khasis: Nor…
Dan Khasis: E of comparison view.
Dan Khasis: danne, on the premiere.
Igor S.: pedestiolo.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, the tracking of us to react.
Igor S.: Yes.
Dan Khasis: Don, or… Kakoyote showed destination marked, visited, Milagirov.
Dan Khasis: at Apolle.
Dan Khasis: Chasnazad?
Dan Khasis: Yes, they won, yes, they moved very early with the… Registrar?
Artur Moskalenko: Cox is a mucky.
Dan Khasis: the place.
Artur Moskalenko: Marketplace that stated it's thrown…
Semeyon S: Chiris pra estoisa in name.
Semeyon S: kratsa.
Igor S.: Such advice, I mean…
Artur Moskalenko: Oh, duh.
Dan Khasis: tag, sign in after registration.
Igor S.: dosa polinini.
Dan Khasis: Sorry, yes, sir.
Igor S.: Yeah, like, DLI, DLI is, sign in to your server.
Igor S.: Cheerios…
Dan Khasis: Well, what… Register. Subscriptions.
Dan Khasis: Home page, patum pricing, patum register. Y Potomo persona account, activate form.
Dan Khasis: It's a pair of out editor.
Dan Khasis: Okay, Posmeriti.
Dan Khasis: came over themselves a piece of it. Yes, I knew…
Igor S.: Register of that account period, Lagina.
Vova: napish sales.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, I'm not a deal at Balanch, and I'm a Dobner.
Dan Khasis: You start…
Alexey Afanasiev: uncommunable.
Alexey Afanasiev: Zoad it.
Dan Khasis: More vitamins, muscle.
Dan Khasis: nada deleto.
Alexey Afanasiev: i, e… Norwei…
Igor S.: website, correct.
Dan Khasis: That… yeah, yes, it hypnotizes, because I should wait the most to deal it.
Dan Khasis: Cheres adminco.
Dan Khasis: Send registration email.
Dan Khasis: Well, sustainable.
Dan Khasis: Was he a shortvish?
Kateryna Shevchenko: se ozame.
Dan Khasis: in our go-to-market strategy.
Kateryna Shevchenko: If it…
Vova: Yeah, the guy that him was not.
Dan Khasis: Spend your mind, look at Koi Swiss.
Dan Khasis: Turquoise missile.
Vova: ich contactn for us.
Dan Khasis: formatsian de contact formie.
Dan Khasis: We've had teams registerova.
Dan Khasis: I need… I need is…
Dan Khasis: aprous.com.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Yes, sir.
Dan Khasis: Rout for me, very much per… edits…
Dan Khasis: Skolka a public governor, at the, terrifica kita.
Dan Khasis: Go without the…
Dan Khasis: shrin.
Dan Khasis: Primarge?
Kateryna Shevchenko: pivot.
Dan Khasis: nieto der Guijuaranto.
Alexey Afanasiev: the room.
Alexey Afanasiev: Dreamint… Dam dum, same dress with you?
Davron Usmonov: Uminyapirwa is a Dutch assigned facility, vehicle, user, customer, Stranism.
Davron Usmonov: extra nitsig, premiere
Davron Usmonov: Yeah, Picasso will assign facility. User, vehicle, facility, customer, customer location, possimo producto.
Dan Khasis: submuno.
Davron Usmonov: Which new right-click per item of tablets.
Dan Khasis: Po, po…
Davron Usmonov: Yes, press the right click.
Dan Khasis: Okay, yeah, it is now okay to period, for sure.
Davron Usmonov: What? Assigned facility?
Davron Usmonov: jest.
Davron Usmonov: i.
Dan Khasis: attaviation short right clicker.
Davron Usmonov: Niet, assign suctionity customer, customer location.
Dan Khasis: Customer location, Nashdo, Nakkoevish.
Davron Usmonov: Duck.
Dan Khasis: Lebovievez?
Davron Usmonov: na premiere na rout, na… Optimization…
Dan Khasis: Okay.
Davron Usmonov: altitude, speed, fuel level, battery level.
Davron Usmonov: etam…
Davron Usmonov: C-C, what's this?
Dan Khasis: Kakutesta.
Alexey Afanasiev: At the prostation near the taxilier? No.
Alexey Afanasiev: So yeast because of this.
Dan Khasis: Was line height, merge duo.
Dan Khasis: users, breadcrumb, ATM.
Davron Usmonov: The fixable?
Davron Usmonov: vot nimo.
Alexey Afanasiev: But, no, the Alexey Dakota.
Davron Usmonov: customer location, CS vehicles, users.
Alexey Afanasiev: Buddhist, you know.
Davron Usmonov: kne.
Dan Khasis: Memorial of Prince Predumoed.
Dan Khasis: He showed Nuka Lonko to cover it.
Vova: I don't know, directional slash computer, destination slash kamos que oje.
Davron Usmonov: When we
Davron Usmonov: Kakiburian.
Dan Khasis: Okay, would be as in a vehicle, in a user, because of it.
Dan Khasis: The approach, the hover, the hover.
Dan Khasis: Is there a British tone at all cheap, you know, what we did to show a time zone, or the person is the only show?
Davron Usmonov: update.
Dan Khasis: Last update, Belobukheroshop revived a shot at dinnerat.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, yeah, I'm a pretty popular with charging it out.
Dan Khasis: Ilioskopka.
Davron Usmonov: 7 days ago, Ilya 5 minutes ago.
Vova: It approached you with prosperini, Karasta.
Davron Usmonov: Bolinformation.
Davron Usmonov: nod.
Dan Khasis: Desi Escalonka… Some more vehicles, Pisces?
Davron Usmonov: Jeste non nifier.
Davron Usmonov: takunas.
Davron Usmonov: But it hurts.
Dan Khasis: Not at any last position at the last update, but boy, Brian was selected.
Davron Usmonov: stuck. Yes, charge, start to.
Artur Moskalenko: So you just said the book earlier.
Davron Usmonov: What, what are you able to see?
Dan Khasis: Is there any last position at the last… at the last update received?
Alexey Gusentsov: address.
Davron Usmonov: I mean, I need to, comic books, yeah, sure.
Dan Khasis: last update, but tomorrow said… na temperaturo.
Alexey Afanasiev: A tool, those additional proofs.
Artur Moskalenko: predictive weather…
Dan Khasis: el predictive weather.
Dan Khasis: predicted whether Dumosha and Bilboel should,
Dan Khasis: Oh…
Artur Moskalenko: e… It'll do…
Artur Moskalenko: At a villain, no, at a bullet.
Dan Khasis: Yeah, move creativity, weather, layer of CM luteum, and of creativity, predict the weather, total ludium, sorry, model, predict the weather.
Artur Moskalenko: Yeah, soya pono.
Alexey Afanasiev: To be honest, so…
Dan Khasis: Okay.
Alexey Afanasiev: Shit.
Dan Khasis: He's a map player, and you watch him logo at the UI, no.
Dan Khasis: But of the white.
Eugene: Vanilla.
Artur Moskalenko: Totem.
Artur Moskalenko: Trick boxing, if you don't.
Dan Khasis: Okay, shot the Sidania.
Alexey Afanasiev: I should… Okay.
Kateryna Shevchenko: Simple.